---
title: Game Patch - v0.13.2
date: 2026-05-21
categories:
  - Changelog
slug: v0.13.2
---

Our second v0.13 game patch! This fixes some more crashes, general bugs, and makes a couple small balance changes.

<!-- more -->

## Bugfixes
<strong>v0.13.2</strong>
- Prevented starting and trailing spaces from being used for Clan names (this could cause crashes)
- Newborns who are exiled and then return to the Clan are no longer perpetually stuck at the newborn rank for their entire life.
- Other Clans no longer have a chance to generate with an already-used name
- Fixed the filtering for romance in short events
- Prevented kittens from "assigned task" thoughts
- Fixed other_clan group ID bloat that would occur when loading old saves. Can't be retroactively fixed for affected saves, but shouldn't be particularly detrimental to normal play.
- Apprentice wrangling rel events are now properly age filtered. No more kittens planning lessons for apprentices.
- Fixed other clan cats who do not join the player clan still receiving "welcome" events as though they had
- Various inverted relationship effects fixed.
- Fixed unwanted capitalization of pelt pattern for kits listed under queens in allegiances
- Allowed un-parented kits to use the longer version of their description in allegiances
- Fixed issue where Clan ID was showing up in the leader's den screen and switch Clan screen
- Added further protection to save conversion for sprite poses, just in case any cats had been assigned mismatched pose indexes prior to save conversion.
- Mild typo fixes, added missing pronoun/verb tags, and slightly reworded some things to avoid text display errors.
- Adjusted the wording of a couple poly mate events


## Balance Changes
- Moved "unspoken apology" rel event from comfort decrease to comfort increase (and now requires "avoids" tier)
- Lowered frequencies of the "grim job" med cat patrol and the plains "far border" patrol
