---
title: Game Patch - v0.13.1
date: 2026-06-15
categories:
  - Changelog
slug: v0.13.1
---

Our first v0.13 game patch! Thank you all for the warm reception to the Furriends and Foes updates. We've been hard at work patching up bugs and fixing balancing issues that have been made apparent.

<!-- more -->

## Bugfixes
- Fixed patrol results not displaying all received conditions when the outcome applies multiple conditions.
- Fixed the Warrior Den screen crashing the game when all focus settings are false.
- Fixed an event that would cause a crash when assigning an adoptive parent.
- Fixed freshkill log not resetting on timeskip.
- Fixed freshkill supply change events not appearing in the log.
- Fixed freshkill consumption display to prevent weird decimals.
- Fixed cats not dying on a patrol despite text implying they do.
- Fixed a patrol where a cat would join the Clan when they weren't meant to.
- Fixed constraints on the "go on patrol" relationship event so that kits wouldn't receive it.
- Fixed a patrol that could result in a cat receiving a nonsensical permanent condition.
- Fixed version number not appearing in the bottom right corner.
- Fixed medicine cats receiving some ill-fitting thoughts.
- Fixed a crash related to how we retrieve default risk chances.
- Fixed apprentices kit-sitting their own littermates.
- Fixed a self-interaction in a training patrol.
- Fixed a variety of typos.

## Balance Changes
- Changed relationship constraints of "maim" events
- Added new events regarding other Clan relationships to help balance out the "new leader breaks alliances" event.
- Allowed more outsider events to pull from existing outsiders instead of generating new ones
- Adjusted frequency of a variety of events
